getting to folks it's glinting the ball
shelf in this evening we're going to be
putting together a appetizer recipe for
calamari this is just a fried squid
ringlets it's pretty easy to put
together and I'm going to show you the
step-by-step instructions on how to do
just such if you're going to make
calamari what you're going to need to do
is get fresh squid wild-caught don't buy
the ring let's go ahead and get the
squid take the tentacles off remove the
little spiny piece of cartilage that's
inside the squid and remove all of the
innards and I've done that with you
squid try to get the smallest squids
possible because they are the tasty so
what we're going to do is after you
clean these these pieces of squid out
you're just going to cut these in the in
to end of ringlets it's real simple and
one thing to keep in mind is that you're
going to want to cut these into about
half inch slices I'm going to go ahead
and prepare all these pieces of squid
I've got and I'll take you to the next
step I have now cleaned all of my squid
up cut it up and I've got it on a paper
towel drying out I have taken three
quarters of a cup of just all-purpose
flour and a quarter cup of cornmeal I'm
going to add one egg to that then we're
going to place
3/4 of a cup of warm water into this
mixture now I'm going to stir this up
into a batter and when I've done such
I'll come back and show you the next
step okay now that I have prepared my
batter it's going to be pretty liquidy
that's okay we're going to put all of
the squid into the batter first and once
we have the squid immersed into the
unseasoned batter
give it a little bit of a stir and we'll
set that aside and I'll show you the
next step the next step in this
battering process is we're going to put
in one cup of panko breadcrumbs these
are Japanese breadcrumbs that are nice
light and fluffy put that right into
this bowl and to that I'm going to add
one and a quarter tablespoon of cayenne
pepper
I want the spicy if you don't like spicy
don't put the cayenne pepper in there
we're going to add some salt just about
a teaspoon or so the paint coat flakes
that I've got do not have any salt in
them so we do want to put a little bit
of salt in there and the last spice
we're going to use is I want to use
about a teaspoon of white pepper now
what we simply want to do now is
thoroughly mix the dry ingredients
together and then once that's
accomplished we're going to red up our
squid now what we're going to do is
we're going to spider out our squid from
the batter that they were sitting in and
then we're going to mix those in with
the panko bread crumbs to thoroughly
coat the calamari and what we're going
to want to do then remove those and set
those onto a paper towel and REE batch
the rest now our next step is we're
going to take and put our panko infused
calamari into a basket here we're going
to shake that a little bit take off some
of the extra breading and then what
we've done here is we've taken a deep
fat fryer
we've put in some vegetable oil that we
bought up to 350 degrees we're going to
drop our calamari right into the hot oil
you put the top on this so that it
doesn't splatter over everything and in
about five minutes we'll come back
giggling alright these are fried up nice
and golden-brown go ahead remove them
from the oil and we will put them right
over onto a piece of paper towel alright
folks there is the completed calamari
appetizer recipe let's give one of these
little critters a try here I've got some
marinara sauce you can dip it in that go
with the lemon I just wanted to see what
one of these tastes like I'm not sure
Al's very very tender juicy don't go
with those large pieces of squid they're
very rubbery this is a very nice dish
for an appetizer for your seafood lover
and you need to give this one a try
thanks for watching me put together this
recipe this evening give me a like if
you like what you see if you don't tell
me why thanks for watching again and as
always Bon Appetit